[Machine-learning][ACR-1612] Add tensor_if description (#1410)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/native/guides/machine-learning/machine-learning-inference.md

    char pipeline[] = "videotestsrc is-live=true ! videoconvert ! tensor_converter ! output-selector name=outs outs.src_0 ! tensor_sink name=sink0 async=false outs.src_1 ! tensor_sink name=sink1 async=false"
    ```

- **If**

    The if (tensor_if) element allows creating conditional branches based on tensor values. For example, you may skip frames if there is no object detected with high confidence. The input and output stream data type is either `other/tensor` or `other/tensors`.

    - **Properties**
      - `compared-value`: Specifies the compared value and is represented as operand 1 from input tensors.
        - A_VALUE: Decided based on a single scalar value.
	      - TENSOR_AVERAGE_VALUE: Decided based on an average value of a specific tensor.

> 	      - CUSTOM: Decided based on a user-defined callback.

Reviewer: One confusion: 

Is the hierarchy/levels fine ? 
Shouldn't A_Value come in same level as TENSOR_AVERAGE_VALUE
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43839737/112898391-670e1080-90fe-11eb-8c5c-5c1b0bd561b6.png)

Author: Changed. Thanks

      - `compared-value-option`: Specifies an element of the nth tensor or you can pick one from the tensors.

> 	    - [C][W][H][B],n (used for A_VALUE of the compared-value. e.g., 0:1:2:3,0 means [0][1][2][3] value of first tensor)

Author: Thanks. Updated.

>         - [C][W][H][B],n: used for A_VALUE of the compared-value, for example 0:1:2:3,0 means [0][1][2][3] value of first tensor.

Reviewer: Is the n intentionally kept here? If yes, ignore the comment.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43839737/112898715-d1bf4c00-90fe-11eb-92a7-a36f7affaf31.png)

Author: Yes, n means n th tensor.
for example, 0:1:2:3,3 means [0][1][2][3] value of fourth tensor.

>         - nth tensor (used for TENSOR_AVERAGE_VALUE of the compared-value to specify which tensor are used.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - nth tensor: used for TENSOR_AVERAGE_VALUE of the compared-value, and specifies which tensor is used.
```
Please check if the suggestion is technically fine, if not please rephrase it.

Author: Thanks. Updated.

>         - nth tensor: used for TENSOR_AVERAGE_VALUE of the compared-value, and specifies which tensor is used.

Author: Updated.

      - `supplied-value`: Specifies the supplied value (SV) from the user.
        - SV

>         - SV1, SV2: Used for RANGE operators.

Reviewer: @gichan-jang Whats RANGE, Why this is in capital ? 

Cant we write it in small ? Or is it deliberately written as capital?

Can we rather use code styling for it ?

Author: How about change to `RANGE_*`?

Reviewer: Yes if thats how you write it actually, It seems fine. 
```

Reviewer: > ~How about change to `RANGE_*`?~
> 
> Um, I think this change looks better. PTAL.

I agree

Author: Updated.

>       - `operator`: Specifies a comparison operator which is used for comparing the compared-value (CV) and the supplied-value (SV).

Author: Updated.

	    - EQ: Check if CV == SV
	    - NEQ: Check if CV != SV
	    - GT: Check if CV > SV
	    - GE: Check if CV >= SV
	    - LT: Check if CV < SV
	    - LE: Check if CV <= SV
	    - RANGE_INCLUSIVE: Check if SV1 <= CV and CV <= SV2
	    - RANGE_EXCLUSIVE: Check if SV1 < CV and CV < SV2
	    - NOT_IN_RANGE_INCLUSIVE: Check if CV < SV1 or SV2 < CV
	    - NOT_IN_RANGE_EXCLUSIVE: Check if CV <= SV1 or SV2 <= CV
      - `then`: Specifies the action, if the result is TRUE.
	    - PASSTHROUGH: Does not let you make changes to the buffers. Buffers are pushed straight through.
	    - SKIP: Does not let you generate the output frame (frame skip).
        - TENSORPICK: Lets you choose the nth tensor among the input tensors.
          ```
          [ tensor 0 ]
          [ tensor 1 ]  ->   tensor if    ->    [ tensor 0 ]
          [ tensor 2 ]    (tensorpick 0,2)      [ tensor 2 ]
          input tensors                         output tensors
          ```
      - `then-option`: Specifies the option for TRUE action.

> 	    - nth tensor, nth tensor, (used for TENSORPICK option. e.g., then-option=0,2 means that tensor 0 and tensor 2 are selected as output tensors among the input tensors.)

Reviewer: Can you please check this.

How about this ? Please verify for technical accuracy, then only incorporate.
```suggestion
          - nth tensor: used for TENSORPICK option, for example,  `then-option`=0,2 means tensor 0 and tensor 2 are selected as output tensors among the input tensors.

Author: Looks better. Updated.

>         - nth tensor: used for TENSORPICK option, for example, `then-option`=0,2 means tensor 0 and tensor 2 are selected as output tensors among the input tensors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         - nth tensor: Used for TENSORPICK option, for example, `then-option`= `0,2` means tensor `0` and tensor `2` are selected as output tensors among the input tensors.

Author: Updated.

	  - `else`: Specifies the action, if the result is FALSE.
	    - PASSTHROUGH: Does not let you make changes to the buffers. Buffers are pushed straight through.
	    - SKIP: Does not let you generate an output frame (frame skip).
	    - TENSORPICK: Lets you choose the nth tensor among the input tensors.
      - `else_option`: Specifies the option for FALSE action.

> 	    - nth tensor, nth tensor, (used for TENSORPICK option. e.g., else-option=0,2 means that tensor 0 and tensor 2 are selected as output tensors among the input tensors.)

Reviewer: How about this ? Please verify for technical accuracy, then only incorporate.
```suggestion
          - nth tensor: used for TENSORPICK option, for example,  `else-option`=0,2 means tensor 0 and tensor 2 are selected as output tensors among the input tensors.
```

Author: Looks better. Updated.

>         - nth tensor: used for TENSORPICK option, for example, `else-option`=0,2 means tensor 0 and tensor 2 are selected as output tensors among the input tensors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - nth tensor: Used for TENSORPICK option, for example, `else-option`= `0,2` means tensor `0` and tensor `2` are selected as output tensors among the input tensors.

Author: Updated.

    - **Example launch line with simple if-condition**

>       If a specific value ([3][4][2][5] value of the first tensor) is between a given range [10,100], input buffers are pushed straight through. If the value is not in given range, tensor0 and tensor2 are selected as output tensors. It can be expressed as:

Reviewer: Please be consistent with spacing 

tensor0 or tensor 0 ,
similarly tensor2 or tensor 2 ?

Author: Changed to tensor 0 and tensor 2. Thanks.

>       If a specific value ([3][4][2][5] value of the first tensor) is between a given range [10,100], input buffers are pushed straight through. If the value is not in given range, tensor 0 and tensor 2 are selected as output tensors. It can be expressed as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     If a specific value, for example, [3][4][2][5] of the first tensor is between a given range of [10,100], input buffers are pushed straight through. If the value is not in the given range, tensor `0` and tensor `2` are selected as output tensors. It can be expressed as:

Author: Updated.

      ```
      gst-launch ... (tensors 0,1,2 stream) !
          tensor_if name=tif \
                      compared-value=A_VALUE compared-value-option=3:4:2:5,0 \
                      supplied-value=10,100 \
                      operator=RANGE_INCLUSIVE \
                      then=PASSTHROUGH \
                      else=TENSORPICK \
                      else-option=0,2 \
          ! tif.src_0 ! (tensors 0,1,2 for TRUE action) ...
          ! tif.src_1 ! (tensors 0,2 for FALSE action) ...
      ```

    - **Custom if-condition**

>       If the if-condition is complex and cannot be expressed with tensor_if expressions, you can define a custom if condition, and create a pipeline as follows:

Reviewer: Missed dash 
```suggestion
      If the if-condition is complex and cannot be expressed with tensor_if expressions, you can define a custom if-condition, and create a pipeline as follows:

Author: Updated.

>       - **Define and register if_custom**

Reviewer: Confusion?
Is it if_custom or if-custom? 
      - **Define and register if_custom**

Author: Thanks.
I changed to ` **Define and register custom if-custom**`

>         Before you use the custom if-condition in the pipeline, you have to register the Custom if-condition with input tensors information and data:

Reviewer: Maintaining consistency for C of custom 
```suggestion 
        Before you use the custom if-condition in the pipeline, you have to register the custom if-condition with input tensors information and data:

Author: Updated.

	      - NOT_IN_RANGE_EXCLUSIVE: Check if CV <= SV1 or SV2 <= CV

      - then: Specifies the action, if the result is TRUE.
	      - PASSTHROUGH: Does not let you make changes to the buffers. Buffers are pushed straight through.
	      - SKIP: Does not let you generate the output frame (frame skip).
	      - TENSORPICK: Lets you choose the nth tensor (or tensors) among input tensors.
            ```
            [ tensor 0 ]
            [ tensor 1 ]  ->   tensor if    ->    [ tensor 0 ]
            [ tensor 2 ]    (tensorpick 0,2)      [ tensor 2 ]
            input tensors                         output tensors
            ```

        - then-option: Specifies the option for TRUE action.
	        - nth tensor, nth tensor, ... (used for TENSORPICK option. e.g., then-option=0,2 means that tensor 0 and tensor 2 are selected as output tensors among the input tensors.)

	      - else: Specifies the action, if the result is FALSE.
	        - PASSTHROUGH: Does not let you make changes to the buffers, buffers are pushed straight through.
	        - SKIP: Does not let you generate an output frame (frame skip).
	        - TENSORPICK: Choose the nth tensor (or tensors) among input tensors.

> 	      - else_option: Option for FALSE action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	      - else_option: Specifies the option for FALSE action.

> 	        - nth tensor, nth tensor, ... (used for TENSORPICK option. e.g., else-option=0,2 means that tensor 0 and tensor 2 are selected as output tensors among the input tensors.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	        - nth tensor, nth tensor, (used for TENSORPICK option. e.g., else-option=0,2 means that tensor 0 and tensor 2 are selected as output tensors among the input tensors.)

    char pipeline[] = "videotestsrc is-live=true ! videoconvert ! tensor_converter ! output-selector name=outs outs.src_0 ! tensor_sink name=sink0 async=false outs.src_1 ! tensor_sink name=sink1 async=false"
    ```

- **If**

    The **if** (tensor_if) element controls its src-pad based on the values of other tensors of its sink-pad. For example, you may skip frames if there is no object detected with high confidence. The input and output stream data type is either `other/tensor` or `other/tensors`.

    - **Properties**
      - compared-value: Compared Value, operand 1 (from input tensor(s)).
        * A_VALUE:  Decide based on a single scalar value
        * TENSOR_AVERAGE_VALUE: Decide based on a average value of a specific tensor
        * CUSTOM: Decide based on a user defined callback

      - compared-value-option: Specify an element of a value of nth tensor or pick tensor(s)
        * [C][W][H][B],n (e.g., 0:1:2:3,0 means [0][1][2][3] value of first tensor)
        * nth tensor, nth tensor, ...

      - supplied-values: Supplied value, operand 2 (from the properties).
        * SV

>         * SV1,SV2 (for RANGE operators)

Author: Sorry. `- nth tensor, nth tensor, ...` should changed to `nth tensor`.
I modified the description. Please check it again.

supplied-values: Specifies the supplied value (SV) and is represented as operand 2 from the input tensors.
->
supplied-values: Specifies the supplied value (SV) from the user.
SV is the value that the user uses as the basis for the comparison. 
If SV is used with the operator GT, 
`... ! tensor_if compared-value=A_VALUE compared-value-option=1:2:3:4,0 supplied-values=30 operator=GT ...`
This checks [1][2][3][4] value of the first tensor is greater than 30.

      - operator: Comparison operator comparing compared-value (CV) and supplied-value (SV)
        * EQ: Check if CV == SV
        * NEQ: Check if CV != SV
        * GT: Check if CV > SV
        * GE: Check if CV >= SV
        * LT: Check if CV < SV
        * LE: Check if CV <= SV
        * RANGE_INCLUSIVE: Check if SV1 <= CV and CV <= SV2
        * RANGE_EXCLUSIVE: Check if SV1 < CV and CV < SV2
        * NOT_IN_RANGE_INCLUSIVE: Check if CV < SV1 or SV2 < CV

>         * NOT_IN_RANGE_EXCLUSIVE: Check if CV <= SV1 or SV2 <= CV

Author: Fixed.

      - then: Action if the result is TRUE
        * PASSTHROUGH: The element will not make changes to the buffers, buffers are pushed straight through.
        * SKIP: Do not generate output frame (frame skip)

>         * TENSORPICK: Choose nth tensor (or tensors) among input tensors

Author: Fixed.

            ```
            [ tensor 0 ]
            [ tensor 1 ]  ->   tensor if    ->    [ tensor 0 ]
            [ tensor 2 ]    (tensorpick 0,2)      [ tensor 2 ]
            input tensors                         output tensors
            ```

      - then-option: Option for TRUE action
        * nth tensor, nth tensor, ... (for TENSORPICK option)

      - else: Action if the result is FALSE
        * PASSTHROUGH: The element will not make changes to the buffers, buffers are pushed straight through.
        * SKIP: Do not generate output frame (frame skip)
        * TENSORPICK: Choose nth tensor (or tensors) among input tensors

      - else_option: Option for FALSE action

>         * nth tensor,nth tensor,... (for TENSORPICK option)

Author: `then_option` and `else_opton` are used for TENSORPICK action.
If the action is the TENSORPICK, specify which tensor to select.
For example,
`... ! tensor_if ... then=TRNSORPICK then-option=0,2 ... ! ... `
That means If the result of the `tensor_if` is TRUE, tensor 0 and tensor 2 are selected as output tensors among the input tensors.

    - **Example launch line with simple if-condition**

>     If a specific element ([3][4][2][5] value of the first tensor) is between a given range ([10,100]) in a tensor frame), it simply passes through the input tensors and if not, pushes the selected tensors onto the src-pad. It can be expressed as:

Author: I updated the description. Please check it again.

    ```
    gst-launch ... (tensors 0,1,2 stream) !
        tensor_if name=tif \
                    compared-value=A_VALUE compared-value-option=3:4:2:5,0 \
                    supplied-values=10,100 \
                    operator=RANGE_INCLUSIVE \
                    then=PASSTHROUGH \
                    else=TENSORPICK \
                    else-option=0,2 \
        ! tif.src_0 ! (tensors 0,1,2 for TRUE action) ...
        ! tif.src_1 ! (tensors 0,2 for FALSE action) ...
    ```

    - **Custom if-condition**

      If the if-condition is complex and cannot be expressed with tensor_if expressions, you can define custom condition.

>       Then, you can create a pipeline as follows:

Author: Updated.

      - **Define and register if_custom**

        Before you use the custom if-condition in the pipeline, you have to register the Custom if-condition with input tensors information and data:

        ```c
        /* Define custom if-condition */
        static int tensor_if_custom_cb (const ml_tensors_data_h data, const ml_tensors_info_h info, int *result, void *user_data)
        {
        /* Describe the conditions and pass the result. Result 0 refers to FALSE and a non-zero value refers to TRUE. */
        *result = 1;
        /* Return 0 if there is no error. */
        return 0;
        }
        ```

      - **Construct a pipeline with custom if-condition**

>         After registering the custom if-condition, you can use it when constructing the pipeline:

Author: referring to `custom if-condition.
I updated the description.

        ```c
        /* The pipeline description (input data with dimension 2:1:1:1 and type int8 will be passed to tensor_if custom condition. Depending on the result, proceed to true or false paths.) */

>         const char pipeline[] = "appsrc ! other/tensor,dimension=(string)2:1:1:1,type=(string)int8,framerate=(fraction)0/1 ! tensor_if name=tif compared-value=CUSTOM compared-value-option=tif_custom_cb_name then=PASSTHROUGH else=PASSTHROUGH tif.src_0 ! tensor_sink name=true_condition async=false tif.src_1 ! tensor_sink name=false_condition async=false"

Reviewer: then=PASSTHROUGH ?? Isn't something missing here?

Author: `then` does not require additional `then-option`.
The `tif.src_0` or `tif.src_1` path is determined by the condition result.

>     char pipeline[] = "videotestsrc is-live=true ! videoconvert ! tensor_converter ! output-selector name=outs outs.src_0 ! tensor_sink name=sink0 async=false outs.src_1 ! tensor_sink name=sink1 async=false"

Reviewer: File is already existing no need to update the Toc.
https://docs.tizen.org/application/native/guides/machine-learning/machine-learning-inference/

    ```

- **If**

    The if element (tensor_if) controls its src-pad based on the values (other/tensor(s)) of its sink-pad.

>     For example, you may skip frames if there is no object detected with high confidence.

Reviewer: Question: 
- From Line 303-307, can't we have the text in paragraph form? Is the text intentionally formatted with line breaks?

The sentences 1 and 2 seem to be disjoint.

1. The **if** (tensor_if) element controls its src-pad based on the values of other tensors of its sink-pad. 

2. For example, you may skip frames if there is no object detected with high confidence.

3. The input and output stream data type is either `other/tensor` or `other/tensors`.

    The input/output stream data type is either ```other/tensor``` or ```other/tensors```.

    - **Properties**
      - compared-value: Compared Value, operand 1 (from input tensor(s)).
        * A_VALUE:  Decide based on a single scalar value
        * TENSOR_AVERAGE_VALUE: Decide based on a average value of a specific tensor

>         * CUSTOM: Decide based on a user defined callback

Reviewer: @gichan-jang
Can I get a link to the API reference, I could not find the same. I would like to know more about properties. 
So, 
compared-value is a property and A_VALUE is ???

Author: `tensor_if` is a newly added element. With the addition of the `tensor_if`, the newly added APIs are `ml_pipeline_tensor_if_custom_register` and `ml_pipeline_tensor_if_custom_unregister`.
`compared-value`  is not directly related to new APIs but a property of `tensor_if`. See the 359 th line for an example.
The newly added documentation contains descriptions of `tensor_if` itself. If this is unnecessary, it seems better to leave only an explanation of the API.
Please give me your opinion.

        * NOT_IN_RANGE_INCLUSIVE: Check if CV < SV1 or SV2 < CV
        * NOT_IN_RANGE_EXCLUSIVE: Check if CV <= SV1 or SV2 <= CV

      - then: Action if the result is TRUE
        * PASSTHROUGH: The element will not make changes to the buffers, buffers are pushed straight through.
        * SKIP: Do not generate output frame (frame skip)
        * TENSORPICK: Choose nth tensor (or tensors) among input tensors
            ```
            [ tensor 0 ]
            [ tensor 1 ]  ->   tensor if    ->    [ tensor 0 ]
            [ tensor 2 ]    (tensorpick 0,2)      [ tensor 2 ]
            input tensors                         output tensors
            ```

      - then-option: Option for TRUE action
        * nth tensor, nth tensor, ... (for TENSORPICK option)

      - else: Action if the result is FALSE
        * PASSTHROUGH: The element will not make changes to the buffers, buffers are pushed straight through.
        * SKIP: Do not generate output frame (frame skip)
        * TENSORPICK: Choose nth tensor (or tensors) among input tensors

      - else_option: Option for FALSE action
        * nth tensor,nth tensor,... (for TENSORPICK option)

> 

Reviewer: @gichan-jang
Request you to provide the API reference and where from can I study these properties , that will help me review this in better way.

>     #### Example launch line with simple if-condition

Reviewer: Is the following sub topic of ### Element API

Author: Changed to a sub-item of `tensor_if`. Thanks.
